develop: refine 2 docs (#8678)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-unique-serial-number-generation.md

Sequence is available starting with TiDB v4.0. For details, refer to [sequence documentation](/common/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-sequence.md#create-sequence).

## Snowflake-like solutions

Snowflake is a distributed ID generation solution proposed by Twitter. There are several implementations, the more popular ones are Baidu's **uid-generator** and Meituan's **leaf**. This section uses `uid-generator` as an example.

The 64-bit ID structure generated by `uid-generator` is as follows:

```
| sign | delta seconds | worker node id | sequencs |
|------|---------------|----------------|----------|
| 1bit |     28bits    | 22bits         | 13bits   |
```

- sign: Fixed length of 1 bit. Fixed to `0` to indicate that the generated ID is always a positive number.
- delta seconds: 28 bits by default. The current time, presented as an incremental value in seconds relative to a preset time base (defaults to `2016-05-20`). 28 bits can support up to about 8.7 years.

> - worker node id: 22 bits by default. Represents the machine id, usually obtained from a centralized ID generator when the application process is started. Common centralized ID generator includes auto-increment columns and Zookeeper. The default allocation policy is discard-as-you-go, and the process re-acquires a new worker node id on restart. 22 bits can support up to about 4.2 million starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- worker node id: 22 bits by default. Represents the machine ID, usually obtained from a centralized ID generator when the application process is started. Common centralized ID generators include auto-increment columns and Zookeeper. The default allocation policy is discard-as-you-go, and the process re-acquires a new worker node ID on restart. 22 bits can support up to about 4.2 million starts.
```

- sequence: 13 bits by default. The sequence of concurrency per second. 13 bits can support 8192 concurrent sequences per second.

## Number allocation solution

The number allocation solution can be understood as bulk acquisition of auto-increment IDs from the database. This scheme requires a sequence number generation table, with each row representing a sequence object. An example of table definition is as follows:

| Field Name | Field Type | Field Description |
| -------- | ------------ | ---------------------------- |
| `SEQ_NAME` | varchar(128) | The name of the sequence, used to distinguish different applications. |
| `MAX_ID` | bigint(20) | The maximum value of the current sequence that has been allocated. |
| `STEP` | int(11) | The step, which indicates the length of each assigned segment. |

> Every time, the application gets a segment of sequence numbers at the configured step and updates the database at the same time to persist the maximum value of the current sequence that has been allocated. The processing and allocation of sequence numbers are completed in the application's memory. After a segment of sequence numbers is used up, the application gets a new segment of sequence numbers, which effectively alleviates the pressure on the database write. In practice, you can also adjust the step to control the frequency of database updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time, the application gets a segment of sequence numbers at the configured step. It updates the database at the same time to persist the maximum value of the current sequence that has been allocated. The processing and allocation of sequence numbers are completed in the application's memory. After a segment of sequence numbers is used up, the application gets a new segment of sequence numbers, which effectively alleviates the pressure on the database write. In practice, you can also adjust the step to control the frequency of database updates.
```

> Finally, it should be noted that the IDs generated by the above two solutions are not random enough to be directly used as **primary keys** for TiDB tables. In practice, you can perform bit-reverse on the generated IDs to get a more random new ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, note that the IDs generated by the above two solutions are not random enough to be directly used as **primary keys** for TiDB tables. In practice, you can perform bit-reverse on the generated IDs to get more random new IDs.
```
